Update 1.5.3 changelog to match 1.5.3 release notes (#2733)
cashapp/sqldelight: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- [Paging3 Extension] Distribute sqldelight-android-paging3 as JAR instead of AAR (#2634 by [Marco Romano][julioromano])

> - Exposed columns named `value` will be exposed as `value_`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Property names which are also soft keywords will now be suffixed with underscores. For instance `value` will be exposed as `value_`
```
